docs/index.md, before:

# Mesh: Ambient Clinical Intelligence

## The Core Problem: Why Mesh?

Healthcare relies on documentation, but the burden has become unsustainable. On average, physicians spend up to **two hours** managing Electronic Medical Records (EMR) for every **one hour** of direct patient care. This administrative overload leads to widespread physician burnout.

Simultaneously, patients suffer from communication breakdowns. Studies show that between 40% and 80% of medical information provided by healthcare practitioners is forgotten immediately by patients. Furthermore, attempting to parse an actual EMR note designed for a hospital system leaves navigating patients anxious or confused.

While AI "scribes" exist (often as wrappers over large language models), they suffer from two fatal flaws that prevent real clinical adoption:

1. **Hallucination:** Generative models make things up. In medicine, a hallucinated allergy or medication dosage is catastrophic.
2. **Data Privacy:** Sending raw Protected Health Information (PHI/PII) to cloud-based LLMs violates strict data governance laws in the EU (GDPR) and US (HIPAA).

---

## The Solution: Ambient Clinical Intelligence + Zero-Hallucination

**Mesh** is a production-grade, compliance-first Ambient Clinical Engine designed to eliminate physician documentation burden *and* empower the patient simultaneously.

Our system passively listens to the doctor-patient conversation via a minimalist browser dashboard, and deterministically outputs two perfectly aligned documents:

1. **The EMR Report:** A highly structured, strictly-typed JSON block rendered into a formal PDF for the hospital system.
2. **The Patient Summary:** A layman's translation served directly to the patient's companion portal.

### Technical Wedges
By restructuring *how* we ask the LLM for data, we created two major technical breakthroughs:

#### 1. Zero-Hallucination Architecture
We do not use loose LLM prose generation for clinical facts. Instead, we use a strict **Pydantic schema-enforced extraction pipeline**. If the AI extracts a finding (e.g., `"Diagnosis: Hypertension"`), it is mathematically forced to cite the `exact_quote` (the 1-to-4 word substring) directly from the raw audio transcript. The frontend surfaces these quotes via tooltips, allowing doctors to hover over any extracted fact and instantly audit the source truth.

#### 2. The "Opaque Pointer" Pattern
We solve the data-privacy nightmare. Our backend *never* downloads actual medical histories or highly sensitive historical files. Instead, it ingests generic **EESZT Document IDs** (e.g., `DOC-RAD-202`). 

When the doctor says, *"I saw your X-Ray from Tuesday"*, the AI semantic-matches it to `DOC-RAD-202` and generates a secure, password-protected hyperlink straight into the Hungarian EESZT portal. The patient clicks the link, authenticates via their national ID (Ügyfélkapu), and sees the secure X-Ray. PII never touches our AI backend.

---

## Quick Start
To run the platform locally, including the FastAPI backend and React frontend:

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/GregoJaca/GDE-MIT-mesh.git

# Boot the entire stack
cd GDE-MIT-mesh
./start.sh
```

Navigate to `http://localhost:5173` to access the dashboards.

Commit message:

docs: rename to Echo, adopt GPT-5.2 branding, apply crisp zen UI

docs/index.md, after:

# Echo: Ambient Clinical Intelligence

## Core Problem

Healthcare systems are burdened by documentation overload. We are losing physicians to administrative burnout: doctors spend on average **two hours** managing Electronic Medical Records (EMR) for every **one hour** spent listening to patients. 

For patients, the current system is equally broken. Medical instructions are hard to follow, and the formal clinical language generated by classic hospital systems creates a wall of confusion and anxiety.

While AI "scribes" exist, they lack the one feature absolutely required in medicine: **Trust**. Standard wrappers over legacy language models hallucinate facts. In healthcare, hallucinating a diagnosis or a drug dosage is dangerous. Furthermore, transcribing and streaming raw Protected Health Information (PHI/PII) to unverified LLM endpoints violates strict privacy frameworks.

---

## The Solution

**Echo - Medical AI Companion** is a deterministic, compliance-first ambient engine. It is designed to completely eliminate documentation labor while returning agency and understanding to the patient.

Echo listens passively to the doctor-patient dialogue and automatically produces twin documents:

1. **Structured EMR Report:** A strictly typed JSON representation, output to formal PDF format, ready to be ingested by the hospital database.
2. **Simplified Patient App:** A translated, layman-friendly summary sent instantly to the patient's companion application.

### Technical Foundation

Echo is built upon two distinct engineering pillars:

#### 1. Zero-Hallucination Pipeline
We power Echo text extraction exclusively via **GPT-5.2**, locked down by a Pydantic schema-enforced pipeline. We do not prompt the model to generate free-text prose. Instead, we force the AI to produce isolated clinical facts. Every single extracted fact must mathematically cite a perfect string match (an "exact quote") from the raw audio transcript. If the quote doesn't exist, the extraction is rejected. This guarantees total auditability.

#### 2. Opaque Pointer Architecture
Patient data privacy is guaranteed. General healthcare records from the national EESZT database are never fully loaded into our backend. Instead, we utilize Opaque Pointers—generic document identifiers—that Echo identifies during speech. These IDs are rendered on the patient's device as secure portal hyperlinks, ensuring the AI itself never ingests historical personal records.

---

## Quick Start
To run the Echo platform locally:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/GregoJaca/GDE-MIT-mesh.git
cd GDE-MIT-mesh
./start.sh
```

Navigate to `http://localhost:5173`.
